Just one smile, immensely increases the beauty, of the universe.
If you see someone without a smile, give them one of yours.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word... all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Every breath we take, every step we make, can be filled with peace, joy and serenity.
When we create peace and harmony and balance in our minds, we will find it in our lives. 
Peace begins with a smile.
Choose love and peace will follow. Choose peace and love will follow.
Peace, like charity, begins at home.
Let us see what love can do.
May love and laughter light your days, and warm your heart and home. May good and faithful friends be yours wherever you may roam...

I believe in the spirit of equality and the spirit of this country as one of love and compassion and kindness.
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
You have the capability to change your life all with a simple shift in perspective.
The smallest change in perspective can transform a life. What tiny attitude adjustment might turn your world around?
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. 
Wisdom is your perspective on life, your sense of balance, your understanding of how the various parts and principles apply and relate to each other.
The best ideas emerge when very different perspectives meet.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Don't be pushed by your problems, be led by your dreams.
Although time seems to fly by, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer.
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage and confidence in the doing.
Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear.
Education breeds confidence.
Be humble in your confidence yet courageous in your character.
Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees.
We rise by lifting others.
To achieve a kinder world, we must approach kindness with ambition and dedication. We must practice it in every moment of our lives. Kindness is that important.
How do we change the world? One random act of kindness at a time.
